11/19/25 Meeting 4 Notes

Intro:
- did demo
- went to project board
- what still needs to be worked on? overall pretty done, add album images in post directly

What we did this week:
Mason: visual changes like removing create post button on login/register button, add update email feature
Ben: added comments, likes/dislikes for comments and posts
George: fixes with friends list display, first ver of dark mode
Cara: readme, changed create post button to an add icon, made footer clear, added images of albums, while searching for songs, made dark mode work
James: search validation for both status and post, delete status

TODO next week:
Mason: updating pfp is only a link, so looking to be able to upload actual picture, adding pictures to posts
Ben: adding tab on feed to switch between recent posts and just your friends have posted
George: add album cover to posts, open to other work that needs to be done.
Cara: add images to posts, bug fixes, make front end look good
James: readme, tackling optional icebox features?

Final:
- can work over break, but can't force others to work
- project board: all moved to done or add note on ticket that it was a ticket that we ended up not doing bc it wasn't apart of MVP.
- individual evaulations: going through commits
- UAT plans? ask tomorrow
